frontend/README.md, before:

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
    - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [The Wild Oasis] <a name="about-project"></a>


**[Proshop]** This is an online store where customers can search for the product and purchase it online. It is an end-to-end application with a seamless user experience and interactions. An admin manages the application and has CRUD access. It authorizes and authenticates users, allowing them to place an order after authentication and have access to their own account.


## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>
- **[React]**
- **[MangoDB]**
- **[Express]**
- **[NodeJS]**

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[Latest Products]**
- **[Customer Reviews]**
- **[Shopping Cart]**
- **[Shipping]**
- **[Payment Methods]**
- **[Place Order]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo Link](https://proshop-q9dt.onrender.com/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need: 
Live Server
npm install

### Setup

Clone or fork this repository to your desired folder:

-git clone https://github.com/Bhekisile/proshop.git

### Usage

To run the project, run: 
npm run dev


### Deployment

You can deploy this project using: Netlify

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Bhekisile Jozi**

- GitHub: [@Bhekisile](https://github.com/Bhekisile)
- LinkedIn: [BhekisileJozi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bhekisile-jozi/)

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Accomplishments]**

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>


If you like this project please give it a star.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Udemy for this course that assisted me to gain MERN stack knowledge.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Implement image gallery and style the image

frontend/README.md, after:

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
    - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [ProShop] <a name="about-project"></a>


**[Proshop]** This is an e-commerce website where customers can search for the product and purchase it online. It is an end-to-end application with
 a seamless user experience and interactions. An admin manages the application and has CRUD access. It authorizes and authenticates users, allowing
 them to place an order after authentication and have access to their own account.


## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>
- **[React]**
- **[MangoDB]**
- **[Express]**
- **[NodeJS]**
- **[Bootstrap]**

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[Latest Products]**
- **[Customer Reviews]**
- **[Shopping Cart]**
- **[Shipping]**
- **[Payment Methods]**
- **[Place Order]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo Link](https://proshop-q9dt.onrender.com/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need: 
Live Server
npm install

### Setup

Clone or fork this repository to your desired folder:

-git clone https://github.com/Bhekisile/proshop.git

### Usage

To run the project, run: 
npm run dev


### Deployment

You can deploy this project using: Netlify, Render

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Bhekisile Jozi**

- GitHub: [@Bhekisile](https://github.com/Bhekisile)
- LinkedIn: [BhekisileJozi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bhekisile-jozi/)

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Gallery image]**

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>


If you like this project please give it a star.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Udemy for this course that assisted me to gain MERN stack knowledge.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
